README.md, before:

Android Architecture Components samples
===================================

A collection of samples using the [Architecture Components](https://developer.android.com/arch):

- [Room](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/room)
- [Lifecycle-aware components](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/lifecycle)
- [ViewModels](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/viewmodel)
- [LiveData](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/livedata)
- [Paging](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/paging/)
- [Navigation](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/navigation/)
- [WorkManager](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/workmanager/)

### Samples

* **[BasicSample](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-architecture-components/blob/master/BasicSample)** - Shows how to persist data using a SQLite database and Room. Also uses ViewModels and LiveData.

* **[PersistenceContentProviderSample](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-architecture-components/blob/master/PersistenceContentProviderSample)** - Shows how to expose data via a Content Provider using Room.

* **[GithubBrowserSample](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-architecture-components/blob/master/GithubBrowserSample)** - An **advanced**  sample that uses the Architecture components, Dagger and the Github API, in Kotlin.

* **[BasicRxJavaSample](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-architecture-components/blob/master/BasicRxJavaSample)** - Shows how to use Room with RxJava 2. Also uses ViewModels.

* **[PersistenceMigrationsSample](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-architecture-components/blob/master/PersistenceMigrationsSample)** - Shows how to implement migrations in Room.

* **[BasicRxJavaKotlinSample](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-architecture-components/blob/master/BasicRxJavaSampleKotlin)** - Shows
how to use ViewModels and Room together with RxJava, in Kotlin.

 * **[PagingSample](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-architecture-components/tree/master/PagingSample)** - Shows
  how to use the Paging library with Room, in Kotlin.

 * **[PagingNetworkSample](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-architecture-components/tree/master/PagingWithNetworkSample)** - Shows
  how to use the Paging library with a backend API via Retrofit, in Kotlin.

* **[NavigationBasicSample](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-architecture-components/tree/master/NavigationBasicSample)** - Shows
  how to use Navigation to perform navigation and deep linking in Kotlin.

* **[NavigationAdvancedSample](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-architecture-components/tree/master/NavigationAdvancedSample)** - Shows
  how to handle multiple back stacks with Navigation and a BottomNavigationView.
  
* **[WorkManagerSample](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-architecture-components/tree/master/WorkManagerSample)** - Shows
  how to use WorkManager to do background work, in Kotlin.


### Reporting Issues

You can report an [Issue](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-architecture-components/issues) on the samples using this repository. If you find an issue with the Architecture Components, report it using the [Architecture Components Issue Tracker](https://issuetracker.google.com/issues/new?component=197448&template=878802)

License
-------

Copyright 2018 The Android Open Source Project, Inc.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor
license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with this work for
additional information regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this
file to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not
use this file except in compliance with the License.  You may obtain a copy of
the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.  See the
License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
the License.

Commit message:

Adds View Binding sample to README

README.md, after:

Android Architecture Components samples
===================================

A collection of samples using the [Architecture Components](https://developer.android.com/arch):

- [Room](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/room)
- [Lifecycle-aware components](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/lifecycle)
- [ViewModels](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/viewmodel)
- [LiveData](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/livedata)
- [Paging](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/paging/)
- [Navigation](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/navigation/)
- [ViewBinding](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/view-binding)
- [WorkManager](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/workmanager/)

### Samples

* **[BasicSample](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-architecture-components/blob/master/BasicSample)** - Shows how to persist data using a SQLite database and Room. Also uses ViewModels and LiveData.

* **[PersistenceContentProviderSample](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-architecture-components/blob/master/PersistenceContentProviderSample)** - Shows how to expose data via a Content Provider using Room.

* **[GithubBrowserSample](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-architecture-components/blob/master/GithubBrowserSample)** - An **advanced**  sample that uses the Architecture components, Dagger and the Github API, in Kotlin.

* **[BasicRxJavaSample](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-architecture-components/blob/master/BasicRxJavaSample)** - Shows how to use Room with RxJava 2. Also uses ViewModels.

* **[PersistenceMigrationsSample](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-architecture-components/blob/master/PersistenceMigrationsSample)** - Shows how to implement migrations in Room.

* **[BasicRxJavaKotlinSample](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-architecture-components/blob/master/BasicRxJavaSampleKotlin)** - Shows
how to use ViewModels and Room together with RxJava, in Kotlin.

 * **[PagingSample](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-architecture-components/tree/master/PagingSample)** - Shows
  how to use the Paging library with Room, in Kotlin.

 * **[PagingNetworkSample](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-architecture-components/tree/master/PagingWithNetworkSample)** - Shows
  how to use the Paging library with a backend API via Retrofit, in Kotlin.

* **[NavigationBasicSample](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-architecture-components/tree/master/NavigationBasicSample)** - Shows
  how to use Navigation to perform navigation and deep linking in Kotlin.

* **[NavigationAdvancedSample](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-architecture-components/tree/master/NavigationAdvancedSample)** - Shows
  how to handle multiple back stacks with Navigation and a BottomNavigationView.

* **[ViewBindingSample](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-architecture-components/tree/master/ViewBindingSample)** - Shows how to use view bindings in an activity and in fragments.

* **[WorkManagerSample](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-architecture-components/tree/master/WorkManagerSample)** - Shows
  how to use WorkManager to do background work, in Kotlin.


### Reporting Issues

You can report an [Issue](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-architecture-components/issues) on the samples using this repository. If you find an issue with the Architecture Components, report it using the [Architecture Components Issue Tracker](https://issuetracker.google.com/issues/new?component=197448&template=878802)

License
-------

Copyright 2018 The Android Open Source Project, Inc.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor
license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with this work for
additional information regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this
file to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not
use this file except in compliance with the License.  You may obtain a copy of
the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.  See the
License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
the License.
